# Experimentation on Multi-Task Representation Learning in Constrained Linear Contextual Bandits
## Synthetic Data Experiments (varying alpha)
### In the Synthetic directory, we evaluate our methods through experiments with synthetic data. You can test different alpha parameter values by executing alpha.ipynb in the Comparison_Alpha folder. Modify the alpha parameter to get experimental results for different alpha values (e.g., 0.3, 0.5, 0.7). Create separate folders with the following names: Alpha = 0.3, Alpha = 0.5, and Alpha = 0.7. Save the generated results for each alpha value in the appropriate folders. After generating these results, use the plot.ipynb file to visualize the plots. 
## Synthetic Data Experiments (compare with benchmark)
### The Synthetic directory contains comparisons to benchmarks with different variables. You can test for different parameters (d, T) by executing Compare.ipynb in the Comparison_Benchmarks folder. Modify the parameters to get experimental results for different combination parameters. For each parameter combination, create separate folders with the following names: Dimension = 100, Dimension = 125, and Dimension = 150. Save the results for each set of parameters in the appropriate folders. Then, run the plot.ipynb file to create comparative plots. 
## Real Data Experiments
### The original Movielens dataset is saved in the Real directory, specifically in the movielens-100k folder. Use CollaborativeFiltering.py (https://github.com/kevalmorabia97/Collaborative-Filtering) to predict and fill missing values in the dataset, resulting in the complete_ratings file used in our experiments. To obtain corresponding results and plots, perform the same procedures on synthetic data. Whne comparing with benchmark algorithms, make sure create separate folders with the following names for reall-world data: Dimension = 81, Dimension = 100, and Dimension = 121. 
